README.md, before:

# `ziyi.zip`

this is a web extension and website that i made as an archive of ziyi's letterboxd reviews

ziyi's reviews are just so precious that they must be cherished

## installation

[//]: # 'TODO update these links that say "TODOziyi-zip"'
[link-chrome]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/TODOziyi-zip/kgjlmncdpdpcmidkkalcdppigdocdnmf "Version published on Chrome Web Store"
[link-firefox]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/TODOziyi-zip/ "Version published on Mozilla Add-ons"

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/90fdf03c/src/chrome/chrome.svg" width="48" alt="Chrome" valign="middle">][link-chrome]
[<img valign="middle" src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/kgjlmncdpdpcmidkkalcdppigdocdnmf.svg?label=%20">][link-chrome]

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/90fdf03c/src/firefox/firefox.svg" width="48" alt="Firefox" valign="middle">][link-firefox]
[<img valign="middle" src="https://img.shields.io/amo/v/TODOziyi-zip.svg?label=%20">][link-firefox]

## todo

### FEATURES

- Offline mode (for the extension, not the website)

### HOUSEKEEPING

- Add favicon/site.webmanifest for the web version
- Change history to be radios, and just make all the pages on top of each other instead of swapping them out
- Make it so you can build the entire extension/website from a single command
  - Parameterize name of extension, letterboxd user, description etc.
  - Move code from this repo into a "base" repo that is called from here to build

Commit message:

Implement many of the visibility settings

README.md, after:

# `ziyi.zip`

this is a web extension and website that i made as an archive of ziyi's letterboxd reviews

ziyi's reviews are just so precious that they must be cherished

## installation

[//]: # 'TODO update these links that say "TODOziyi-zip"'
[link-chrome]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/TODOziyi-zip/kgjlmncdpdpcmidkkalcdppigdocdnmf "Version published on Chrome Web Store"
[link-firefox]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/TODOziyi-zip/ "Version published on Mozilla Add-ons"

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/90fdf03c/src/chrome/chrome.svg" width="48" alt="Chrome" valign="middle">][link-chrome]
[<img valign="middle" src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/kgjlmncdpdpcmidkkalcdppigdocdnmf.svg?label=%20">][link-chrome]

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/90fdf03c/src/firefox/firefox.svg" width="48" alt="Firefox" valign="middle">][link-firefox]
[<img valign="middle" src="https://img.shields.io/amo/v/TODOziyi-zip.svg?label=%20">][link-firefox]

## todo

### unimplemented settings

- menu visibility
- movie details visibility
- review details visibility
- review position

### unimplemented features

- offline mode (for the extension, not the website)

### HOUSEKEEPING

- Add favicon/site.webmanifest for the web version
- Change history to be radios, and just make all the pages on top of each other instead of swapping them out
- Make it so you can build the entire extension/website from a single command
  - Parameterize name of extension, letterboxd user, description etc.
  - Move code from this repo into a "base" repo that is called from here to build
